Heya, Shouyou.
Heading to practice?
Hey, Acchan.
Yep.
Isn't it early even for an early lunch?
Actually, this is my second breakfast.
I have lunch and snacks packed separately.
m -231 135 l -232.5 13.5 232.5 -136.5 244.5 -4.5
Congratulations on going to the spring volleyball tournament, boys' volleyball team!
I guess this is really happening.
Hinata!
I forgot to mention this earlier,
but we'll be taking measurements for the pamphlets today, so hurry and come see us right after school.
Could you tell Tsukishima and the other guys that too?
Sure!
Hey!
Let's see who's got the highest reach.
Bring it on, Kageyama.
I'm even willing to make a wager, if you'd like.
Three curry buns.
Deal!
I'm a man who defeated a wild boar!
Is their teamwork really gonna be okay?
Yeah, well, I defeated a bear!
Wild boars—
Clench your fists tight enough to leave marks
Now, go bask in the orange glow
!
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu !
Haikyuu
Sweating harder than ever has led us to the unknown territory of this high stage
The crowd's on their side and our chances are slim, so we could just skip out
But if the fear of getting hurt is keeping your wings in check
You may as well be a stuffed bird
If a person tries to live their life swallowing their dreams and passions
They'll be torn by the heartbreak
But our goosebumps just won't go away
Our very souls are burning bright Beyond our limits
Awaits a land Of thrilling competition
Unleash everything you've got
Winning or losing doesn't even seem to matter
When you're in the zone and everything flows
In glorious slow-motion Now, go all-out!
The Karasuno High School Boys' Volleyball Team will be going to the National High School Volleyball Tournament! We are currently asking for donations. We thank you for your support. Contact: Karasuno High School Boys Volleyball Team Advisor, Takeda
The Crows Fly to Tokyo Once Again
Episode One: Introductions Episode One: Introductions
Episode One: Introductions
The Crows Fly to Tokyo Once Again
Yes.
We'll gladly use them!
Huh?
Er... Yes, I'm single, but...
Yeah, I'm content.
Heyo.
How's it going?
A fourth of the time when I call alumni, they try to set me up with someone.
So about that video... W-Will you do it for us?!
This is for my precious juniors.
I'll go all-out.
Nurse's Office
Ready?
Go for it.
I'm ready.
Oh, hey, Hinata.
How'd it go?
I'm 164.2 cm!
I've grown a whole 1.4 cm taller!
Wow, that's great.
What about you, Yamaguchi?
I've grown 5 millimeters and I'm now 180 cm on the dot!
You've gotten into the 180s!
What about you, Kageyama?
181 cm.
What decimal?
Point nine.
Wow, you grew.
Kageyama Me Grown!
Yes! I win!
How so?!
I grew a whole millimeter taller!
Wait, you actually remember everyone's height, Hinata?
I guess you're good at math when it comes to this, Hinata.
Having fun comparing shrimps and pipsqueaks?
Good work.
Tsukishima!
You jerk!
Tsukki, don't tell me...
That's amazing, Tsukki!
You finally surpassed 190!
I order you to shrink, Tsukishima!
Tsukki!
I wish I could get that excited about getting my height measured.
Wake up, Hinata!
The hell are you doing?!
Hey! All of you pipe down!
Faculty Office Mr. Takeda, you've got a call.
It's on line 2.
Hello, this is Takeda. I hope I didn't keep you long.
Yes.
Oh, yes!
Thank you for calling.
Yes. Yes.
Huh?
Tsukishima got 334 cm!
Wow, that's the highest so far.
Great job, Tsukki!
What are they doing?
They're measuring the highest point they can hit for the spring tournament pamphlet.
Next, Nishinoya.
Oh? I guess that's what you do when you're going to nationals.
They're jumping higher than I can!
Nishinoya's only about 150 cm tall, right?
I'm 160, damn it!
That was 302 cm.
Next, Kageyama.
Here I go.
Um... 337 cm.
Right now, Kageyama's in the lead.
And there's only one person remaining... Next, Hinata.
Right!
Everyone's being so competitive with Hinata.
What?!
How high did he get?!
How high?
Just wait!
Um...
333 cm.
Yes!
That's about the same as you, Asahi.
Damn it. I'm not gonna lose.
You owe me three curry buns.
He's increased five or six centimeters from before.
I guess guys really aiming to go higher are different.
Higher?
Well, when you're spiking, you're usually just trying to match your height with the ball, right?
But Shouyou's absolutely positive that Kageyama will get the ball to him,
so he's always trying to jump as high as he can.
Things like your form and your running approach are important to increasing your jumping ability.
Basically, Kageyama is gradually making Hinata's jumps higher.
Next, let's compete to see who can get the most blocks!
The loser buys the winner Gungun Yogurt for a week!
You're on!
Is everyone here?
Gather 'round!
Yessir!
Good afternoon!
Thank you all for your hard work.
This is sudden, but I have some big news.
Kageyama,
you've been asked to attend the All-Japan Youth Training Camp.
All... Japan?!
Japan?!
Holy crap!
Youth... As in...
The national representatives for under-19 Japan team... right?
Yeah.
Wow. That's really all I can say.
Shiratorizawa Academy Shiratorizawa Academy
Wing Spiker Wing Spiker That's the same as Ushiwaka!
Ushiwaka managed to remain a representative until the end,
That's awesome, Kageyama!
but who knows if the King will actually last that long?
All-Japan is like super cool!
If I remember correctly,
it's from the players nominated today that they'll pick Japan's actual under-19 representatives in two years.
To compete against teams from across the globe.
They basically look for 15- and 16-year-olds all around Japan to prepare for that selection in two years,
and then select a tiny handful of the best of the best.
Just being invited to something like that is amazing.
I guess we've been practicing with some insane guys.
I mean, playing versus teams from around the world?
They're on a totally different level.
Please stop.
But the training camp is going to be held for five days at the beginning of December,
right before the spring tournament starts in January, so it's not a requirement to go.
However—
I'll go.
He should go.
I mean, the best in Japan will be there.
Not to mention,
there's no point in a team like us being timid.
What about me?
Uh, we're talking All-Japan here.
All-Japan.
Representatives for all of Japan under 19.
Do you get that?
Of course I do!
So... the only one who got an invite was Kageyama.
Kageyama, make sure that when you get interviewed,
you tell them that your wonderful senior named Sugawara showed you the ropes.
Right... Don't slip in suggestions!
No fair trying to get ahead, Suga!
Honestly, I'm wondering why they haven't invited Nishinoya.
True.
Don't let it get you down!
Well, we are kinda biased.
Let's just keep practicing our asses off!
Well, in cases like this, I'm sure they consider talent and potential,
but I hear they look at how balanced a player is overall too.
There'll be a lot of guys meeting for the first time, so they probably consider how well they play with others.
And for a libero, I mean...
They'll probably invite someone who's a bit more mature...
Mature.
Right.
I can't even argue with that.
All right, listen up!
I have one more piece of news.
Also happening at the beginning of December,
there will be a special training camp for promising first-years in Miyagi Prefecture.
Coach Anabara from Jouzenji High School just gave me a call.
It's apparently an idea to try to increase Miyagi Prefecture's volleyball skills as a whole.
As this is only open to first-years,
it's basically a mock youth camp.
A mock youth camp?
One of our players has been invited.
Tsukishima.
That's so awesome, Tsukki! You're one of the best first-years in the prefecture!
A training camp?
I mean, Tsukishima was amazing in the finals!
What the hell?
Why is it only first-years?
Sir! What about me?!
Well, Tsukishima was the only one invited to this one...
I mean, the spring tournament is right around the corner, so I'll have to—
Do your best out there, Tsukishima!
Yeah! It's rare for you to get a chance to have guys from other schools mess with you.
Fukurodani Fukurodani Fukurodani Brother Brother
Brother Brother's team Brother's team Brother's team
Nekoma Nekoma Nekoma
No, I actually get enough of that already.
Okay, I'll go ahead and tell them you'll both be participating.
Hey.
I'm going on ahead.
Foot of the Slope
The place that Kageyama's going for the training camp is supposed to be amazing, right?
It's Tokyo's National Training Center.
Yeah, that!
That's also where current Olympic players train, right?
I'd love to go there someday.
Why not sneak in?
Yeah, I'd be arrested on the spot.
Let's all just have fun here, Hinata.
You say fun, but you guys are just gonna be practicing.
Well, yeah.
Your legs aren't moving!
Come on! Another one!
Kageyama's starting the training camp tomorrow, yet he's still at it.
This is the route from Tokyo Station.
Once you get to Tokyo Station Utsunomiya Line
Utsunomiya Line for Koganei for Koganei
Get in one of the cars toward the back
Akabane Station Akabane Station
West Exit West Exit Bus stop #6
Bus stop #6
Take the bus heading to Ouji Station JR...
Once you get to Tokyo Station
Take the bus heading to Ouji Station U...
Utsunomiya Line Utsunomiya Line
for Koganei for Koganei
Take the bus heading to Ouji Station Uto...
Take the bus heading to Ouji Station U...
Take the bus heading to Ouji Station
I wonder if Kageyama got there okay.
I heard that Take gave him detailed directions, so I'm sure he'll be fine.
I hope he didn't write it in cursive.
Huh?
Something wrong?
Well, I didn't see Hinata anywhere.
Yeah, I haven't seen him either...
Shiratorizawa Academy He's usually here by now.
Um...
Haikyuu!!
You weren't invited, right?
Just ignore him.
I don't know him.
He's a total stranger.
Hey! You're Karasuno's number ten!
Wait, Karasuno?
Hey! You're the fast attack guy!
Wait, did he just say he wasn't invited?
How friggin' stupid are you?!
Well, I didn't want to get arrested.
What?
Yeah, that!
That's also where current Olympic players train, right?
I'd love to go there someday.
Why not sneak in?
Yeah, I'd be arrested on the spot.
Yeah, but what would possess you to come here?!
No, wait. You'd go if you wouldn't get arrested?!
What the hell kind of thought process is that?!
You mor—
You absolute moron!
Wow, that amazing vocabulary.
I guess even Karasuno's Four-eyes can lose his cool.
Sorry, what?
Apparently, Hinata infiltrated that first-year training camp.
I guess he's at Shiratorizawa right now.
Way to go, Shouyou!
He sure does some crazy things.
Shiratorizawa Academy You little shit...
What the hell do you think you're doing, Hinata?!
Damn it!
S-Sorry!
What?!
Hinata, being a go-getter and rash are different things.
Don't mistake the two.
I'm sorry!
Mr. Takeda from Karasuno always seems pretty calm, but I wonder if he's actually scary.
It's not that I think practicing here is more important than practicing at Karasuno.
But I want to participate at a training camp that's going to be filled with talented players.
I want to see what they're like outside of matches.
And see why they're so good.
I have to know!
I understand how restless you feel, but that doesn't excuse your actions.
This also means you'll be causing them trouble.
Please come—
He's just another ball boy.
That's fine with me.
I'm finally here!
Karasuno High School Volleyball Team...
You're from the team that beat Wakatoshi.
That's... Sakusa Kiyoomi from Itachiyama Institute.
He's one of the top three spikers in Japan, and he's the only second-year here.
And I get to watch him up close.
I'm Kageyama Tobio, a first-year from Karasuno High School!
I play setter!
It's nice to meet you!
Huh? Yeah, sure...
Oh man... I'm getting so excited!
He showed up even though he wasn't invited. That's impressive.
I thought he was a junior high kid for a sec.
I wouldn't have known if he wasn't wearing his jacket.
He's even smaller in person.
What the hell?
Just let the shrimp from Karasuno join.
I'll crush him.
I guess guys Aone's acknowledged are on another level.
To be honest, I'd recommended Hinata.
Faculty Room Yes.
So, if you're okay with it... Yes, right.
Yes.
Thank you very much.
Do you think he'll be okay?
If Coach Washijou didn't want him there, he'd just say it.
But...
Shiratorizawa Academy Shiratorizawa Academy
Shibata Yuu Shibata Yuu
Goshiki Tsutomu Goshiki Tsutomu
Shiratorizawa Academy Junior High Yura Shouta
Yura Shouta Kakugawa Academy
Kakugawa Academy Hyakuzawa Yuudai
Hyakuzawa Yuudai Aoba Jousai High School
Aoba Jousai High School Kindaichi Yuutarou
Kindaichi Yuutarou Aoba Jousai High School
Aoba Jousai High School Kunimi Akira
Kunimi Akira Date Tech Date Tech
Koganegawa Kanji Koganegawa Kanji
First-year First-year First-year
Third-year Third-year First-year
First-year Hakusuikan High School
Hakusuikan High School First-year
First-year Karasuno High School
Karasuno High School
when you consider who they've gathered there...
And Coach Washijou is in charge.
He hasn't changed at all.
"Simple is best."
He loves height and power above anything else, and he's always on the lookout for talent to gather.
I don't know how far Hinata's thought this through,
but this is a really important opportunity.
But...
I mean... I couldn't have asked for anything better.
Let me just say this.
Without that setter, Kageyama,
I can't say that I sense any worth in you.
If you don't want to be a ball boy, you can go home at any time.
...this might be far more difficult than Hinata realizes.
The floor's not hardwood?
Apparently footage from the court shows up on that screen with a six-second delay at all times.
Wow.
So you can thoroughly examine your plays.
That's awesome!
Gather 'round!
Now then...
All-Japan Boys' Youth Team Coach Hitaki Kotarou
Let's have a word from the Japan Olympic Men's Team Coach, Hibarida. If you would.
Sure thing.
Let's see...
Japan Olympic Men's Volleyball Team Coach Hibarida Fuki
I'm sure you're tired of us old guys flapping our gums, so I'll keep it short.
"The Japan Team crumbles before height and strength."
That phrase is pretty outdated now.
Skills and talents aren't meant to be had.
They're meant to be shown.
Public Interest Incorporated Foundation
Japan Volleyball Association
When you go up against teams from around the world, make sure you go wild.
Let's prove to everyone that volleyball is way more interesting than they thought.
Gather 'round!
Sorry for interrupting practice!
I'm a first-year from Karasuno High School!
Hinata Shouyou!
I'm 164 cm tall!
And I'm a ball boy!
Thank you for having me!
So what if the pressure's on?
I don't need any help from on high
So what if I'm an egotist?
I just want to win, I don't have a reason why
I'll take on every challenge
I'll throw off any shadows of doubt
This is my chance to overcome my limits
I've gone all-out Conquered my fears
Turned them into conviction
Now fly high, higher, higher, to the top
Being so torn at the taste of defeat
Shed the tears that let our potential flower
If you try to give up, I'll just laugh it off
I don't know the meaning of the phrase
If you say it's too hard, I'll laugh it off
Episode Two: Lost Episode Two: Lost Episode Two: Lost
Next time: "Lost."